This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) describes the information compiled by TheBureau Inc. (“we,” “us,” or “our”) to better serve you with how your 'Personally identifiable information' (PII) is being used online, with whom it may be shared with, and their choices about such uses and disclosures. PII, as used in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. By using our android or iOS mobile app, our website (www.thebureauapp.com), reading our blog (http://blog.thebureauapp.com/), reading our newsletter, and/or using other services we provide (collectively, “TheBureau”) you are accepting the practices set forth in this Privacy Policy. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or handle your PII. Please do not access or use TheBureau if you do not agree with this policy.

Information Provided and Collected:

When subscribing or registering on our site or mobile app, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, phone number, matrimonial profile details, personal details, credit card information and other details to help you with your experience. Furthermore, with your permission, we may obtain information from Facebook, Instagram, LinkedIn and other social media accounts. If you authorize these social media interactions or choose to log into the application via Facebook, you are authorizing TheBureau to access account information from Facebook including your name, email address, birthday, work history, education history, current city, profile pictures,  relationship status, and friends that may be using TheBureau. Such information will only be obtained with authorization.

Furthermore, certain information may be collected automatically. When signing up and using TheBureau, we may collect data from devices that access our products. This may include but is not limited to Mobile Device ID, Geographic Location, Device Information/Specifications, web browser or operating system, IP address, length and extent of usage, heat maps, survey results and feedback.

Cookies and Web Beacons:

Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. Web Beacons are small transparent graphic images imbedded in an email, application, or web service that are used in conjunction with cookies to determine and understand user behavior such as accessing or opening content. For instance, we use them to recognize your device and keep you logged in, etc. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use them to help us aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies through your browser settings. However, be aware that some features may be disabled or not function properly if cookies are turned off. TheBureau is not responsible for any mishaps that may occur due to setting changes.

Lastly, there is an age restriction to use this application. We do not knowingly allow or collect information from anyone under the age of 18 years old. We will promptly delete any information or profiles found for those under the age of 18 years old. By using this application, you accept that you will not create or enter data for anyone under the age of 18 years old. If you discover such profiles on the application or realize that your child is using the application, please contact us immediately.

Your Information is Protected:

Your personal information is stored in secure networks and servers and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems and are legally bound to keep the information confidential. Our goal is to keep your personal information protected and private. All transactions are processed through a gateway provider (i.e. iOS app store, google play store, stripe, etc.)  and are not stored or processed on our servers. With all that said, the insecurity of the internet always exists and it is possible that any information (including credit card and payment information) you provide us with may be compromised. By using this application, you understand that we cannot guarantee that your personal information will be completely safeguarded.
How Your Information is Used:

TheBureau may use the information we collect from you as listed above in the following ways: to personalize user experience, to deliver interesting content and product offerings, to administer a contest, a promotion, a survey, and any other site features or to quickly process your transactions. This information will also help us with analytics (crash reports, analyzing trends, phone usage, visitor movement, broad demographics, time spent on TheBureau, devices used, services and features used, how gold is bought/ spent, etc.), administration, fraud prevention, and communication. Communication may occur via push notifications, emails, or text messages. Emails may be used for authentication, administration (basic communication, security alerts, update notices and service outages), and product promotion (newsletters, discounts, product updates, event details and invitations, etc.). Email communications may contain code that tracks email usage such as open rate and link click rate. You may opt out of promotional communication at any time by unsubscribing or contacting us, but TheBureau retains the right to send you administrative messages. Text messages are used for account validation/ verification during sign up and log in processes. TheBureau uses a third party service known as digits (owned by twitter) to validate account information. Twitter will receive and store your phone number for future use. Your phone number or email address will not be provided to anyone you connect with on TheBureau unless you yourself wish to provide them with such information via chat. On occasion, you may receive direct text messages from TheBureau relating to our products and services. Surveys may be conducted from time to time-  results will be used to improve our products and services and may be assimilated into our blog articles. Survey results may be completed anonymously and TheBureau will never sell or distribute this  information to external parties.
Furthermore, information you provide in your profile including but not limited to pictures, name, gender, height, location, education, occupation, religious preferences, heritage, horoscope information, legal standing, and social behavior will be viewed by potential matches.  Facebook friends using the application may be notified when you create a profile. TheBureau will never provide your full name or contact details with your connections. TheBureau is not responsible for any outcome that may occur if you choose to provide such information.
TheBureau, like many other applications, requires third party services to conduct our day to day operations. These services may include but are not limited to email communication, in app chat services, account authentication, customer service communications, promotional services, hosting/ cloud services and analytics. Third Party Disclosure: TheBureau will not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer your personally identifiable information to outside parties unless we request your consent and provide you with advanced notice. This does not include website hosting partners, third party services, targeted advertising and other parties who assist us in operating our product (application, website, blog etc.), conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information without notice or consent from you when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law (i.e. court order, subpoena, governmental request, etc.), enforce our site policies, investigate illegal activity, or protect ours or others' rights, property, or safety. Information may be transferred or dissolved during company restructuring such as mergers, buyouts, asset sales or bankruptcy.
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies and we encourage you to read through them as they may use cookies and collect personal information from you. We do not endorse, authorize or affiliate with these services and therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.

By registering with TheBureau, you hereby authorize us to use your information in the manner set forth above and permit us to communicate with you via email, text message, push notifications, and any method provided within the application or social media.
Advertising:

We may use external services such as Google to advertise on our products. If you choose to click on these links, we take no responsibility and exercise no control over these external pages. Google and other companies, as a third party vendor, may use cookies to serve ads on our site. For example, Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on their visits to our site and other sites on the Internet. Users may be able to opt out of these types of external services through site specific user settings.

Legal:

Please be aware, this Privacy Policy covers the collection of information by TheBureau. TheBureau is located within the United States, therefore your data may be stored and processed on our servers within the country. If applicable by United States law, the federal and state governments, courts, law enforcement or other regulatory agencies may be able to obtain your information. By using our application and/or website, you agree to these terms.

We follow and comply with all the legal policies to the best of our knowledge including the California Online Privacy Protection Act, CalOPPA, Do Not Track (DNT), COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act), Fair Information Practices, and CAN SPAM Act.

Contacting Us:

If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, please contact us immediately at publicrelations@thebureauapp.com.
Privacy Policy Amendments:
This policy may be updated at our discretion and without notice. We recommend that you visit our application or website and review these policies periodically to remain up to date. By accessing our application at any time, you agree to the terms set forth in the most current policy.