PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS OF USE AGREEMENT CAREFULLY. BY ACCESSING OR USING OUR (THEBUREAU INC.) APPLICATION, WEBSITE, BLOG AND OUR SERVICES, YOU HEREBY AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS AND ALL TERMS INCORPORATED HEREIN BY REFERENCE. IF YOU DO NOT EXPRESSLY AGREE TO ALL OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, THEN PLEASE DO NOT ACCESS OR USE OUR PRODUCTS OR OUR SERVICES. THIS TERMS OF SERVICE AGREEMENT IS EFFECTIVE AS OF JANUARY 17TH, 2016.
ACCEPTANCE OF TERMS

The terms of service (the "TOS") is a legally binding agreement that shall govern the relationship with our users and others. It may interact or interface with the TheBureau Inc, also known as TheBureau or TheBureau App (all to be known as "we","us","our"), located at 11 Scenic Drive, Dayton, NJ 08810, or our subsidiaries and affiliates, including the use of the website/application and its services. This Agreement is subject to change at any time, with or without notice. Your continued use of this Site or the Services after the posting of revisions to this Agreement will constitute your acceptance of such revisions. 

DESCRIPTION OF SERVICES OFFERED
TheBureau App's services ("service", "services") consist of a service for single (a single person [people] is defined as someone who is not in a relationship or is unmarried) people, friends of single people and family of single people looking to create a profile for single people, including interactive content and community services such as TheBureau community. TheBureau shall offer "gold" to be purchased for a dollar value to successfully connect with other users as one of its services. TheBureau may provide free "gold" to certain users (i.e. new members) or for certain tasks ( i.e. liking us on Facebook) at the company's sole discretion. 'Gold' is the virtual currency for spending on our products/services only, it has no commercial value or of any consequence. TheBureau may offer additional services or revise any of the Services, at its discretion, and this Agreement will apply to all additional services or revised Services. TheBureau also reserves the right to cease offering any of the Services.
Any and all visitors to our site and/or application, despite whether they are registered or not, shall be deemed as "Users" of the herein contained services provided for the purpose of the TOS. Once an individual registers for our services through the process of creating an account, the user shall then be considered a "Member." 
The user and/or member acknowledges and agrees that the services provided and made available through our website and applications may be made available on various social media networking sites and numerous other platforms and downloadable programs.  All of these services are the sole property of TheBureau Inc. At our discretion, we may offer additional website/application services and/or products and have the right to update, modify or revise such services. We hereby reserve the right to cancel and cease offering any of the mentioned services and/or products. You, as the user and/or member, acknowledge, accept and agree that we shall not be held liable for any such updates, modifications, revisions, suspensions or discontinuance of any of our services and/or products. Your continued use of the services provided, after such posting of any updates, changes and/or modifications implies that you accept these terms. It also implies that you frequent review this agreement and any and all applicable terms and policies. You agree that you are fully aware of all terms and policies currently in effect. SHOULD YOU NOT AGREE TO THE UPDATED, MODIFIED, REVISED TOS, YOU MUST STOP USING THE PROVIDED SERVICES. 
Furthermore, the user and/or member understands, acknowledges and agrees that the services offered shall be provided "AS IS" and as such we shall not assume any responsibility or obligation for the timeliness, missed delivery, deletion and/or failure to store user content, communication or personalization settings. 

REGISTRATION
To register and become a "member" with us, you must be 18 years of age to enter into and form a legally binding contract. In addition, you must not have been previously barred from receiving our services under the law and statutes of the United States or other applicable jurisdiction. 
Furthermore, the registering party hereby acknowledges, understands and agrees that by requesting to use, registering to use, and/or using this service, you will:

a) Furnish factual, correct, current and complete information with regards to yourself and the profile you create as may be requested by the data registration process, and

b) Maintain and promptly update your registration and profile information in an effort to maintain accuracy and completeness at all times and

c) Not create a profile for anyone including yourself that is legally married or in a relationship.
By requesting to use, registering to use, and/or using our services, you represent and warrant that you have never been convicted of a felony and/or are not required to register as a sex offender with any government entity. THEBUREAU DOES NOT CURRENTLY CONDUCT CRIMINAL BACKGROUND SCREENINGS ON ITS MEMBERS. However, we reserve the right to conduct any criminal background check, at any time and may use available public records to confirm your compliance with this subsection.
If anyone knowingly provides any information of false, untrue, inaccurate or incomplete nature, we will have sufficient grounds and rights to suspend or terminate the member in violation of this aspect of the agreement, and as such refuse any and all current or future use of our services thereof. If you are terminated for any such reason, you accept to forfeit all remaining "gold" in your account.

PRIVACY POLICY
Every member's registration data and various other personal information is strictly protected by TheBureau Privacy Policy. As a member, you herein consent to the collection and use of the information provided, including the transfer of information within the United States and/or other countries for storage, processing or use by us and/or subsidiaries and affiliates. Please refer to TheBureau Privacy Policy for further details. 

USER/MEMBER CODE OF CONDUCT
Upon successful creation of your account with us, you MUST adhere to the following: 

a) Your account is for your use alone. You must agree to never give your account information to anyone for their use knowingly. Furthermore, we are not responsible for third party access to your account that could lead to theft or misappropriation of your username, password, payment information, account/ profile information, gold, etc.

b) At this time, the services provided by us are limited to the United States and India. You will only be able to use these services when they are available and not restricted by law. YOU ARE NOT TO USE THE SERVICES WHEN INTERNATIONAL, FEDERAL, STATE, OR LOCAL LAWS PROHIBIT USE OF SAID SERVICES OFFERED BY THEBUREAU INC.  If the Services are not legal in your jurisdiction, you may not use the Services.

c) You are responsible for all your actions and interactions online. You assume all liability regarding any information you share on your profile including: (i) the information and content you contribute to our Services); (ii) the information and content you post, transmit, publish, or otherwise make available through our Services; and (iii) your interactions with other Registered Users through our Services.

d) Upon successfully connecting with another Registered User/Member, you agree to assume all risk including but not limited to meeting/interacting with other users through TheBureau Inc. It is your responsibility to take the necessary precautions for the safety of everyone involved when meeting/interacting with individuals while and after using this service.

e) TheBureau will do our level best to provide each member with a match on a daily basis. However, we cannot guarantee the frequency of matches that a member will receive.  Furthermore, we cannot guarantee that members you have matched with are willing to communicate with you through this service. TheBureau is not responsible for the conduct of any individual you meet through this service. BY USING THE SERVICE YOU UNDERSTAND THAT WE MAKE NO GUARANTEE, EITHER EXPLICIT OR IMPLIED REGARDING YOUR ULTIMATE COMPATIBILITY WITH INDIVIDUALS YOU MEET THROUGH THIS SERVICE.

f) As a User/Member, it is your responsibility to report any violations of this TOS. Please immediately contact us by emailing publicrelations@thebureauapp.com.

g) We reserve the right to monitor any and all information or content posted on or submitted through our services. We reserve the right to remove any information if it violates our policies, does not comply with the law, is harmful, is requested by a third party, or at our discretion.  We are not obligated to monitor any information, so you agree that you are using this application at your own risk.

h) You shall not willingly or knowingly provide any false information on any of our services (i.e. application/website). If, at any point, information you have provided becomes false/inaccurate, you must immediately update said information or contact us at publicrelations@thebureauapp.com so that the problem can be rectified.

i) You will at no point use our services to buy, sell or trade with another User/Member. You shall NOT advertise your personal business, transmit chain letters or send junk/spam emails to other users on any of our services unless you have acquired explicit permission. By not adhering to the TOS and/or the Privacy Policy, you acknowledge that you have caused harm to us, but the amount of such harm would be difficult to assess. As a reasonable estimation of such harm, you agree to pay us $500 for each infraction of the TOS and Privacy Policy.

j) You agree to create and maintain only ONE unique member profile at any given time. You agree that, as a member, you are using the service for the sole purpose of entering into a relationship or for someone that is willing to enter into a relationship. Please be aware, that TheBureau may create test profiles to monitor the operation of our services.

k) You understand that your matches are sent to you based on our complex algorithm. Members/users are not obligated to communicate or interact with anyone through our service. You acknowledge that you are not obligated or mandated to meet or communicate with any users outside of this service either. If you choose to meet or communicate with another party, you agree to indemnify us of any harm that may come from said interactions.

l) AT NO POINT WILL YOU AS THE USER/MEMBER HARASS, ANNOY, INTIMIDATE, OR THREATEN ANY OF OUR EMPLOYEES OR AGENTS.

m) You shall NOT upload, post, email, transmit, or otherwise make available any content that shall be deemed unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortuous, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, libelous, invasive, hateful, and/or racially, ethnically, or otherwise objectionable.

n) YOU MUST AGREE TO CAUSE NO HARM TO MINORS IN ANY MANNER WHATSOEVER WITH OR WITHOUT USING ANY OF OUR SERVICES.

o) Users may NOT interfere with or disrupt any of our services and/or servers and networks that may be connected or related to our website/application, including but not limited to, the use of any software to bypass our securities.

p) Users/Members shall not collect or store any personal data relating to those who use our services. Users shall not conduct market research by collecting data or interacting with others through our application.

q) As the User, you agree that you shall not post any personal contact information on any portion of your profile or with the intent to bypass our procedures. At your discretion, you are however allowed to exchange personal contact information after a connection is created and via our chat services.

RELEASE OF INFORMATION
We herein reserve the right to access, preserve and/or disclose member account information and/or content if requested to do so by law or in good faith belief that any such action is deemed necessary for: 

a) Compliance with any legal process

b) Enforcement of TOS and/or Privacy Policy

c) Responding to any claim that therein contained content is in violation of the rights of any third party

d) Protecting the rights, property or safety of our visitors, users, members, and the general public
We herein reserve the right to include the use of security components that may permit digital information or material to be protected, and that such use of information and/or material is subject to usage guidelines and regulations established by us or any other content providers supplying content services to us. Users are hereby prohibited from making any attempt to override or circumvent any of the embedded security components. Furthermore, unauthorized reproduction, publication, distribution, or exhibition of any information or materials supplied by our services, despite whether done so in whole or in part, is expressly prohibited.

INTERSTATE COMMUNICATION
Upon successful registration, you hereby acknowledge that by using our services to send electronic communications (which include but are not limited to: chat/ instant messages, emails, uploading of files or photos), you will cause communications to be sent through our network. Therefore, through your use, and thus your agreement with the TOS, you acknowledge that the use of our services shall result in interstate transmissions. 

GENERAL POLICIES
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement or the Privacy Statement, we reserve the right, but have no obligation, to disclose any information that you (user/Member) submit to our services, if in our sole opinion, we suspect or have reason to suspect that the information involves a party who may be the victim of abuse in any form. Abuse may include, without limitation, elder abuse, child abuse, spousal abuse, neglect, or domestic violence. Information may be disclosed to authorities that we, in our sole discretion, deem appropriate to handle such disclosure. Appropriate authorities may include, without limitation, law enforcement agencies, child protection agencies, or court officials. You (User/Member) hereby acknowledge and agree that we are permitted to make such disclosures.
Furthermore, for your safety and for our services to function as designed, you hereby agree to not post any contact information including but not limited to: e-mail addresses, personal website address or profile pages, phone numbers, social media pages, or other contact information in areas other than those specifically designated for such information. You may, at your discretion, exchange such information after you are mutually connected through TheBureau's private message service. Any violation may involve disenrollment from the services or a fine up to 1000 "gold".
By using our services you agree/allow/comply for us to collect anonymous data from you, the User. We collect data and information from you to improve user experiences such as improving our matching algorithm, services, and other key features of our services. As mentioned above, all your responses will be anonymous, and we will NEVER publish any research related to personal information. Please read through our Privacy Policy for more details. By using any product or service by TheBureau Inc., you are consenting to the terms of TheBureau Inc.'s Privacy Policy.
Any correspondence or business dealings with, or the participation in any promotions of, advertisers/ sweepstakes located on or through our service, or any third party website links, which may include the payment and/or delivery of such related good and/or service, and any such other term, condition, warranty and/or representation associated with such dealings are and shall be solely between you and any such advertiser/ third party. Moreover, you herein agree that TheBureau Inc. shall not be held responsible or liable for any loss or damage incurred as a direct result of any such dealings or as a result of the presence of such advertisers or third parties on our services including the sharing of information you provide with TheBureau or other personal details. We provide you with such links for your convenience only, and the inclusion of any advertisements does not mean we endorse or accepts any responsibility for the content or any link contained in a linked site, or updates to such sites.

PROPRIETARY RIGHTS
a) We are the sole owners of highly valuable proprietary information, including, without limitations, the matching algorithm, profiles, profile questions, and all of our services. We own and hereby retain all proprietary rights in the services we provide, including, but not limited to, all confidential information. 

b) You will not post, copy, modify, transmit, disclose, show in public, create any derivative works from, distribute, make commercial use of, or reproduce in any way any copyrighted material, trademarks, or other proprietary information accessible via our services, without first obtaining the prior written consent of the owner of such proprietary rights.

c) You will not post, copy, modify, transmit, disclose, show in public, create any derivative works from, distribute, make commercial use of, or reproduce in any way any confidential information.

d) By posting any information to your profile or in any of our services, you agree that you have full rights (or the right to grant rights) to all the information you have posted, including, but not limited to, the proper licenses and/or sublicenses. You agree, that TheBureau Inc. will not be held accountable for any such information you post without the proper documentation, and that you will take full responsibility and be held accountable for such actions. You agree that you are not posting information in conflict with this TOS and/or our Privacy Policy.

WARRANTIES
You herein expressly acknowledge and agree that: 

a) The use of our services and software is at your own risk.  Our services and software shall be provided "as is" and/or "as available" basis. TheBureau and our subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, employees, agents, partners and licensors expressly disclaim any and all warranties of any kind whether expressed or implied, including, but not limited to any implied warranties of title, merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. We cannot guarantee that your (user/Member) use of our services will meet your requirements, uninterrupted, error free, secure or that any defects in the services will be immediately corrected. We disclaim liability for, and no warranty is made with respect to, the connectivity and availability of said services.

b) No advice and/or information, whether written or oral, that may be obtained by you (User/Member) from us or from our services or software shall create any warranty not expressly stated in this TOS.

c) Any information or material downloaded or otherwise obtained by way of our services or software shall be accessed by your sole discretion and sole risk and as such; you shall be solely responsible for and hereby waive any and all claims and causes of action with respect to any damage to your phone and/or computer. You shall also agree not to hold us liable for any data loss that could result in such downloads or use of products and/or services.

d) Any third party content. opinions, advice, statements, offers, or other information or content made available through the services are owned by their respective authors and may be inaccurate. TheBureau Inc. does not guarantee the accuracy of said information and has warned you that such information may be unreliable. Furthermore, we cannot guarantee the accuracy of user profile information or any information posted by our users. We do not adopt, endorse, or accept responsibility for any implications that results from relying on content posted by these services, by our users or transmitted through our services.

e) We may test new features or tools on our products or services. Such features or tools are offered solely for experimental purposes and without any warranty of any kind, and may be modified or discontinued at our discretion. The provisions of this Disclaimer of Warranty section apply with full force to such features or tools.

MODIFICATIONS OF SERVICES
TheBureau reserves the right at any time to discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the services (or any part thereof) with or without notice. You agree that we shall not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension or discontinuance of our services. To protect the integrity of our products and services, TheBureau reserves the right to block users from certain IP addresses  at our sole discretion.

LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY

IN NO EVENT WILL THEBUREAU BE LIABLE FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR INDIRECT DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OR CORRUPTION OF DATA OR PROGRAMS, SERVICE INTERRUPTIONS AND PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE SERVICES, EVEN IF THEBUREAU KNOWS OR HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL THEBUREAU BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, WHETHER DIRECT, INDIRECT, GENERAL, SPECIAL, COMPENSATORY, CONSEQUENTIAL, AND/OR INCIDENTAL, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THE CONDUCT OF YOU OR ANYONE ELSE IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OF THE SERVICES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, BODILY INJURY, EMOTIONAL DISTRESS, AND/OR ANY OTHER DAMAGES RESULTING FROM COMMUNICATIONS OR MEETINGS WITH OTHER REGISTERED USERS OF THE SERVICES. THIS INCLUDES ANY CLAIMS, LOSSES OR DAMAGES ARISING FROM THE CONDUCT OF USERS WHO HAVE REGISTERED UNDER FALSE PRETENSES OR WHO ATTEMPT TO DEFRAUD OR HARM YOU.
TheBureau Inc. and its contractors may use various ways of verifying information that users have provided. However, none of those ways are perfect, and you agree that TheBureau Inc. and its contractors shall  have no liability to you arising from any incorrectly verified information.

EXCLUSION AND LIMITATIONS
There are some jurisdictions which do not allow the exclusion of certain warranties or the limitation of exclusion of liability for incidental or consequential damages. Therefore, some of the above limitations of sections warranty disclaimers and limitation of liability may not apply to you. 

INDEMNIFICATION
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless TheBureau, its officers, directors, employees, agents and third parties, for any losses, costs, liabilities and expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees) relating to or arising out of (a) your use of or inability to use the Site or Services, (b) any user postings made by you, (c) your violation of any terms of this Agreement or your violation of any rights of a third party, or (d) your violation of any applicable laws, rules or regulations. TheBureau Inc. reserves the right, at its own cost, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you, in which event you will fully cooperate with TheBureau in asserting any available defenses.

THIRD PARTY BENEFICIARIES
You herein acknowledge, understand, and agree, unless otherwise expressly provided in this TOS, that there shall be third-party beneficiaries to this agreement. 

COMPLAINTS / LAW ENFORCEMENT CONTACT
To resolve and/or report any complaints regarding TheBureau, please e-mail  publicrelations@thebureauapp.com.

COMMUNICATIONS
TheBureau may communicate with you regarding notices, products & services, or for other means by  using any now known or hereafter developed methods of communication. This may include emails, text messages, social media sites and/or through the application/website. Additionally, we may contact you by phone to verify your account information. Such communications may not be received if you violate this Agreement by accessing our services in an unauthorized manner. You agree that you are deemed to have received any and all notices that would have been delivered had you accessed our services in an authorized manner.

TERMINATION
As a Member of TheBureau, you may cancel or terminate your account, associated email address and/or access to our services by cancelling your account in settings or by submitting a termination request to publicrelations@thebureauapp.com.
As a User/Member, you agree that TheBureau may, without any prior written notice, immediately suspend, terminate, discontinue and/or limit your account, any email address or phone number associated with your account, and access to any of our services. The cause of such termination, discontinuance, suspension and/or limitation of access shall include, but not limited to: 

a) Any breach or violation of our TOS, Privacy Policy, or any other incorporated agreement, regulation and/or guideline

b) Any requests from law enforcement or other government agencies

c) Discontinuance, alteration and/or material modification to our services

d) Unexpected technical or security issues and/or problems

e) Any extended periods of inactivity

f) Any engagement by you in any fraudulent or illegal activities

g) Nonpayment of any associated fees that may be owed by you in connection with your account while using our services.

Furthermore, you herein agree that any and all terminations, suspensions, discontinuances, and or limitations of access shall be made at our sole discretion and that we shall not be liable to you or any other third party with regards to the termination of your account, associated email address/phone number and/or access to any of our services. The termination of your account shall include any and/or all of the following:

a) Removal of access to all or part of our products, services, or anything regarding TheBureau

b) Deletion of your login information and any/all related information and content that may be associated with your account

c) Barring of any further use of all or part of our services.

THEBUREAU IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR REFUNDING ANY 'GOLD' THAT MAY HAVE ALREADY BEEN PURCHASED. WE ALSO RESERVE THE RIGHT TO REMOVE ANY FREE 'GOLD' PROVIDED TO YOUR ACCOUNT FOR ANY REASON AT OUR SOLE DISCRETION.

GENERAL INFORMATION
This TOS constitutes the entire agreement between you (User/Member) and TheBureau and shall govern the use of anything regarding TheBureau, superseding any prior version of this TOS. You may be subject to further terms if you choose to purchase additional services, affiliate services, third party content or third party software. 
TheBureau Inc. shall not be liable for any delay or failure to perform resulting from causes outside its reasonable control, including without limitation, earthquakes, fire, flood, acts of God, war, terrorism, riots, accidents, network infrastructure failures, strikes, or shortages of transportation facilities, fuel, energy, labor or materials.
You agree that Delaware law (without giving effect to its conflicts of law principles) will govern this Agreement, the Site and the Services and that any dispute arising out of or relating to this Agreement, the Site or the Services will be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the federal and state courts in Delaware. You acknowledge and agree that any violation of this Agreement may cause TheBureau irreparable harm, and therefore agree that TheBureau will be entitled to seek extraordinary relief in court, including but not limited to temporary restraining orders, preliminary and permanent injunctions without the necessity of posting a bond or other security, in addition to and without prejudice to any other rights or remedies that TheBureau may have for a breach of this Agreement.
This Agreement, which you accept upon use of the Application/Website or Services, the Privacy Statement located on the Application/Website, and any applicable payment, renewal, additional services terms, comprise the entire agreement between you (User/Member) and TheBureau regarding the use of this Service, superseding any prior agreements between you (User/Member) and TheBureau related to your use of this Application/Website or Services (including, but not limited to, any prior versions of this Agreement). The 'How We Work' section is for informational purposes only and is not deemed to be part of this Agreement. Unless otherwise explicitly stated, the Agreement will survive termination of your registration to our services. The failure of TheBureau Inc. to exercise or enforce any right or provision of this Agreement does not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. If any provision of this Agreement is held invalid, the remainder of this Agreement will continue in full force and effect. No agency, partnership, joint venture, or employment is created as a result of this Agreement and you may not make any representation or bind the company in any manner. Regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action arising out of or related to the use of the Site or this Agreement must be filed within one year after such claim or cause of action arose or be forever barred. The section titles in this Agreement are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect.

DIGITAL MILLENNIUM COPYRIGHT ACT NOTICE
You may not post, distribute, or reproduce in any way any copyrighted material, trademarks, or other proprietary information without obtaining the prior written consent of the owner of such proprietary rights. Without limiting the foregoing, if you believe that your copyrighted work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement and is accessible on this Site, please notify TheBureau at publicrelations@thebureauapp.com as set forth in the Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 (DMCA). For your complaint to be valid under the DMCA, you must provide the following information in writing: 1. An electronic or physical signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner; 2. Identification of the copyrighted work that you claim is being infringed; 3. Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing and where it is located on the Site; 4. Information reasonably sufficient to permit TheBureau Inc. to contact you, such as your address, telephone number, and e-mail address; 5. A statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or law; and 6. A statement, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information is accurate, and that you are the copyright owner or are authorized to act on behalf of the owner. The above information must be submitted to TheBureau Inc.